Add support for Secrets Manager (#190)
DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog: README.md

| Parameter                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `flushMetricsToLogs`        | Send custom metrics by using logs with the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function (recommended). Defaults to `true`. If you disable this parameter, it's required to set `apiKey` (or `apiKMSKey` if encrypted, or `apiKeySecretArn`). `flushMetricsToLogs` is ignored when `addExtension` is true.                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flushMetricsToLogs`        | Send custom metrics by using logs with the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function (recommended). Defaults to `true`. If you disable this parameter, it's required to set `apiKey` or if encrypted, `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`. `flushMetricsToLogs` is ignored when `addExtension` is true.                                                                                                                                           |
```

| `monitorsAppKey`            | Datadog Application Key. Only needed when using plugin to create monitors for your function and when `monitors` is defined.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `addLayers`                 | Whether to install the Datadog Lambda library as a layer. Defaults to `true`. Set to `false` when you plan to package the Datadog Lambda library to your function's deployment package on your own so that you can install a specific version of the Datadog Lambda library ([Python][4] or [Node.js][5]).                                                                                                                               |

> | `addExtension`              | Whether to install the Datadog Lambda Extension as a layer. Defaults to `false`. When enabled, it's required to set the `apiKey` (or `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`) parameter. Learn more about the Lambda Extension Layer [here][8]. Note: AWS only supports Lambda Extensions for [certain runtimes][9].                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `addExtension`              | Whether to install the Datadog Lambda Extension as a layer. Defaults to `false`. When enabled, it's required to set the `apiKey`, `apiKMSKey`, or `apiKeySecretArn` parameter. Learn more about the [Datadog Lambda Extension Layer][8] in the documentation. **Note**: AWS only supports Lambda Extensions for [certain runtimes][9].                                                                                                                            |
```

| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `flushMetricsToLogs`        | Send custom metrics by using logs with the Datadog Forwarder Lambda function (recommended). Defaults to `true`. If you disable this parameter, it's required to set `apiKey` or if encrypted, `apiKMSKey` or `apiKeySecretArn`. `flushMetricsToLogs` is ignored when `addExtension` is true.                                                                                                                                             |

> | `site`                      | Set which Datadog site to send data, this is only used when `flushMetricsToLogs` is `false` or `addExtension` is `true`. Possible values are `datadoghq.com`, `datadoghq.eu`, `us3.datadoghq.com`, `us5.datadoghq.com`, and `ddog-gov.com`. The default is `datadoghq.com`.com`.                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer 2: Looks like there is a typo at the end of this line

Author: True, missed it, thank you!
